 Hello. Yes. Hey, hi. Good evening. This is Dr. Monika calling from Supertel's Pet Pharmacy. Yes. Yeah, am I speaking to Rajeshwari? Yes, yes. Yeah, thanks for the confirmation. This call is basically regarding the Pomazole ear drop that you have ordered for your pet on our platform, right? Yes, yes. Yeah, since this is your first order, it's basically a verification call to make sure to make sure that your pet is getting proper medication at the right doses. Okay? Okay. Yeah. I'll just take a few minutes of your time and then yeah, I'll just I'll be sending your prescription as well from my end through WhatsApp at the end of the call. Okay? Okay. Right. Yeah. So can you please let me know the details of your pet? I'm in the name age, breed and the body weight. His name is Sammy. He's a golden retriever. He's almost two years, two more months to become two years. He's exactly 30 kilos. Right. And Sammy is suffering from ear infection, right? Yeah. Yeah. So what was the food that you're feeding? Any household food, includes roti, so chapatis in it? Yeah, we feed them chapatis and rice, chicken, vegetables. Yeah, that's it. Right, so vegetables that you're feeding is actually boiled ones, right? Yes, yes, boiled ones. Yeah, that's nice. But you know, feeding rotis is not advisable because it has a gluten in it which is made up of wheat. So you can do one thing, make rotis with ragi flour rather than going with the wheat flour, okay? Okay, okay. Yeah, we will get the cause some kind of infection or something Yeah, definitely the gluten foods causes skin as well as ear infection, you know See if you are noticing the ear infection from a long stand it can be due to a feeding of chapatis Okay, until unless you stop chapatis It'll this this ear infection or skin infections won't leave the you know, Sammy. Yeah Okay, okay. Yeah, right. Yeah, and right that's nice and since you're feeding, you know home food while boiling any you know Like you're feeding any meat or something like or only veg diet or non-veg diet as well that you're providing Non-veg also. He eats chicken, meat, egg and sometimes even fish Yeah, every meat should be de-boned Okay, even the fish should be de-boned and also the chicken and while boiling Please add little quantity of turmeric because it has an anti bacterial action and also please add little quantity of coconut oil at least half a teaspoon per day is enough. It's good for the heart as well as skin of you know, Sami. Okay, okay. Yeah, right. And also introduce vegetables at least once in two days or every day because it has a good fiber so it avoids you know getting constipation effects because they are more prone, it's winter right? chance that they won't drink enough water so now it happens yeah and regarding the pomazole ear drops before applying this ear drops you have to cleanse the ear first until unless there is a wax or discharge in the ear this pomazole won't act in the ear so better clean it with a cleansing drop and then you can just wipe it with a tissue or a cotton cloth and then you can apply this pomazole about five drops two times a day for a period of one week okay okay Yeah, but for every drop you are applying whether it can be a cleanser or pomisol, please massage the base of there gently. Don't press it, just gently you can just massage. Yeah? Right. Yeah. And yeah, any other concerns that you want to discuss regarding Sami at present? He is having some kind of infection in the paws as well. Is it again because of chapatis? Yeah, yeah, it can be due to chapatis as well. Don't worry if possible Please give him a coconut oil massage at least once in three days And I just also recommend you a spray called Kortu Vans. It works like anything if you can you know Apply it on the skin if there is any redness or any allergy to that please apply that spray Okay, right. I'll just mention the name of the spray in the prescription that you will be receiving through whatsapp, okay? Okay. Right. Yeah. If you have any concerns in future regarding Sami, you can just message to the same WhatsApp number so that our experts of team will get in touch with you. Yeah. Sure. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good day. Good day. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Yeah. 