 Hello, hello. Good evening. Am I speaking to Manoj Singh? This is Dr. Naheda from Supertales Pet Pharmacy Okay. Yes, this call is regarding the pharmacy order you have placed on our platform for your pet Okay, you have placed these Neomect tablets, Vitabase Derm syrup, Dermiclose spray and and de-worming tablets right? yes you are right yes regarding that I have called you like before proceeding with the order may I have your pet details? like what is the name of your pet? KC KC? yes ok how old is KC? 8 years old 8 years male or female? female female which breed is KC? Normal. Indi. Okay. Maino is food intake and everything normal with KC? Yes. Yes. What is the body weight? Approximately 20 kgs. 20 kgs. Okay. What diet do you give KC? Home cooked food or commercial food? I give home made food to my family. I give them pedigree and other things. What do you give in your home cooked food? Like boiled vegetables? Yes, vegetables, rice, curd. Do you give fruits? No, fruits. You can give fruits. Apart from that, you can give everything like apple, banana, watermelon. Ok. One thing I was saying that in winter, it has more cough. Yes. So, what can I provide for that? For cough, syrup is there for cough or if it is too much, then you have to start the antibiotic course. Normally, there is syrup called Canicuff. They can be used if you have normal cough. Otherwise, if you have fever because of cough, if you are not eating well, then you have to start this antibiotic course. No, her food is absolutely fine. Her diet is good. She doesn't have fever at all. But due to the cold, she gets cough. I am providing her with eggs and all. But still, she gets more at night. May be due to cold. Yes. We will advise you a syrup, you can use that. Okay. Do you have any other concerns related to health? Is everything fine? Is the pet active? Yes, it is active. You have ordered this Dermiclos spray. Is there any skin infection? Actually, it is for redness and itching. Is Neomec tablet also for that? Yes, it is for that. Are you using it from the beginning or you are using it now? No, I have used it before. Ok, I will tell you how to use the tablet that you ordered from Neomec. Okay. You should give 2 tablets once in 3 days. Okay. You can give this for 2-3 weeks. Okay. You should not give more tablets. Yes, yes. As soon as the skin infection gets cured, stop giving. Like, give 2-3 weeks and then stop giving. Okay. In 3 days, 1 tablet? Yes, in 3 days. One tablet in three days? Two tablets in three days. Okay, two tablets. Okay. And the deworming tablets that I have taken, should I give it on an empty stomach or with food? You can give it on an empty stomach. If you have not taken it directly, you can mix it with food. Okay. Because the tablets that I used to give for deworming, I used to give it in the morning and after 2-3 hours I used to give it after 2-3 hours. Yes, you can do this. Some pets do not take the tablet directly. When we advise to give it after mixing it in the food, if you take it directly then you can give it on an empty stomach. Okay, fine. A tablet, de-warming tablet, now two tablets.  Give the tablet once in three months. Once, okay, fine. And the Dermacolore spray that we ordered, that spray, whatever infection or rashes KC has, you can spray twice in the morning and evening. You can use it for 10-15 days, no problem. After spraying, do not let it lick for half an hour. Yes, yes, yes, right, right. And the VitaBase syrup that you ordered, you can give up to 10 ml daily. Okay, fine. Can you give that syrup directly or can you mix it in the food and give it? Yes, in the food, in the food. Yes, you can give that syrup directly or by mixing it with food? Yes, you can give it directly by mixing it with food. I don't drink that syrup directly. Yes, that's it. I have tried it many times but I mix it with food only. Yes, you can give it directly. I will prepare the prescription and send it to you on WhatsApp. If you have any doubt in future about the case, health related concerns, you can call us once or message us. Which number? You will get a prescription on the message number, you can message us on that chat or you can call the customer care and talk to us. Okay, okay fine, fine. Okay, do you have any other doubt? No, no, no. No, okay then. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good day.. 