 Hello, hello. Hey, hi. Good morning. This is Dr. Monika Lata calling from Supertales Pet Pharmacy. Yes, tell me. Are you speaking to Arpita? Yes. Right. This call is basically regarding the Salamic Spot On and the Vitavis Serum as well as E6 Lotion that you have ordered for your pet on our platform. Yeah? Yes. Right. Yeah. Since this is your first order, it's basically a verification call to make sure that your pet is getting proper medication at the right doses. Okay? Okay. Okay. So, can you please let me know the details of your pet? I mean the name, age, breed, and the body weight? So, I have two cats. One is a male cat, aged around like 2.5 years. Okay. His name is Bubu. And the other one is a female cat around same age. Her name is Jalebi, who has some sort of a newer infection going on. We just got the, like his checkup done today. And these were the prescribed medicines that I ordered from Superdell. Right. So what was their body weight? Both of them? One is around 4.5 kilos. The other one is 4.7 around, sorry 4.2. Right. Yeah. And the breed of both of them? Both of them are Indi. One of them is a mix between an Indi and a, I don't know what is that other breed called, but yeah, mostly both of them are Indi. Right, yeah. So regarding the spot on, you can apply this spot on only at the base of the neck, okay, don't apply it to entire the spinal column because there is a chance of licking. It causes poison, you should close inside, okay? Sure, sure, I'll make sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and make sure there should not be any wound applying that on that area there should not be any okay okay okay yeah and regarding the e6 lotion you can apply this lotion on the daily basis as well because it's not the medicated one it's just an no vitamin based one so you can apply it two times a day daily and the syrup can be applied yeah for both of them 2 ml you can give. Got it got it sure and may I know what was the food that you're actually giving to both of them? So I give them homemade food so I cook like chicken, chicken liver along with a little bit of carrot or something and just a little bit of rice just for that cause that's all. So I pressure cook it and then I mash it properly and give it to them. That's nice and also please include little quantity of coconut oil and turmeric to them because it's very good for the heart as well as skin of both of them okay. Got it got it sure I'll do that right yeah I'll be sharing you the prescription now in whatsapp so if you have any concerns in future you can just message to the same whatsapp number so that our experts will get in touch with you yeah got it absolutely thank you so much thank you have a good day yeah bye bye 